README.md, before:

# WEB103 Prework - *Creatorverse*

Submitted by: **Angel L Garcia**

About this web app: **An app where you can share your favorite creators. Think of it as a wikipedia of sorts**

Time spent: **20** hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- 👉🏿👉🏿👉🏿 Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->
- [x] **A logical component structure in React is used to create the frontend of the app**
- [x] **At least five content creators are displayed on the homepage of the app**
- [x] **Each content creator item includes their name, a link to their channel/page, and a short description of their content**
- [ ] **API calls use the async/await design pattern via Axios or fetch()**
- [x] **Clicking on a content creator item takes the user to their details page, which includes their name, url, and description**
- [ ] **Each content creator has their own unique URL**
- [ ] **The user can edit a content creator to change their name, url, or description**
- [ ] **The user can delete a content creator**
- [ ] **The user can add a new content creator by entering a name, url, or description and then it is displayed on the homepage**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Picocss is used to style HTML elements
- [ ] The content creator items are displayed in a creative format, like cards instead of a list
- [ ] An image of each content creator is shown on their content creator card

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [ ] Used tailwind css instead of PicoCSS
  - I had a hard time using PicoCSS, I just get the point of it. If anything it messes things up.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

👉🏿<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...  👉🏿 GIF tool here
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app or any additional context you'd like to add.

## License

Copyright [👉🏿 yyyy] [👉🏿 name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Code is on the 'technically done' phase.

README.md, after:

# WEB103 Prework - *Creatorverse*

Submitted by: **Angel L Garcia**

About this web app: **An app where you can share your favorite creators. Think of it as a wikipedia of sorts**

Time spent: **20** hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- 👉🏿👉🏿👉🏿 Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->
- [x] **A logical component structure in React is used to create the frontend of the app**
- [x] **At least five content creators are displayed on the homepage of the app**
- [x] **Each content creator item includes their name, a link to their channel/page, and a short description of their content**
- [x] **API calls use the async/await design pattern via Axios or fetch()**
- [x] **Clicking on a content creator item takes the user to their details page, which includes their name, url, and description**
- [x] **Each content creator has their own unique URL**
- [x] **The user can edit a content creator to change their name, url, or description**
- [x] **The user can delete a content creator**
- [x] **The user can add a new content creator by entering a name, url, or description and then it is displayed on the homepage**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Picocss is used to style HTML elements
- [x] The content creator items are displayed in a creative format, like cards instead of a list
- [x] An image of each content creator is shown on their content creator card

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [x] Used tailwind css instead of PicoCSS
  - I had a hard time using PicoCSS, I just get the point of it. If anything it messes things up.

Note: One thing I did struggle was finding a clean methodology in writting clean React code. At the time of writtng this I am looking a mountain of code I have to clean, optimize and possibly write more additional tests on. The functionality itself is the easy part, its how components and css styling the part that I find more difficult, simply because css its a pain to work with. I would say that around 90% of the time I spent on this project was on tailwind and css styling alone. The api was easy, the async was easy, its the UI/UX that was tedious.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

👉🏿<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...  👉🏿 GIF tool here
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app or any additional context you'd like to add.

## License

Copyright [👉🏿 yyyy] [👉🏿 name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
